---
date: 2014-01-01
excerpt: 2013 was a hell of a year and I have a lot of people to thank.
layout: note
title: 2013
---

2013 was a pretty big year for me, personally and professionally. A lot of
people helped make it so great, and I want to take a moment to think about that
and thank them.

First on the list, obviously, is my wife Angela, for supporting even my
stranger ideas. Without her strength, I doubt I'd have taken some of the risks
I did.

I also want to thank Dan and Rich (and the rest of the team at Dribbble: Sam
and Tristan and Susana) for asking me to join the Dribbble family. We're six
months in and it's been one of the most exciting times in my career.

But I never would have picked up the skills necessary if Luke, Greg, Carson, and
Justin hadn't taken a chance on me a few years ago. I learned so much at
Sport Ngin both culturally and technically. That they encouraged me even as I
was leaving to join Dribbble speaks to their characters. Thank you.

I'd be remiss if I didn't thank the development team at Sport Ngin, and
specifically my old teammates Andy and Ian.  My job is definitely harder
without having them as my outboard brain. Thank you for all the help you gave
me.

Thank you Mike, for giving me my first public speaking experience, when you let
me speak at the Node MN meetup.

Thanks also to Sedation Dentistry in St Paul, for showing me that a visit to
the dentist doesn't have to be traumatic. Thanks also to Angela for making me
go, after I hadn't been to a dentist since high school.

Chris deserves thanks for helping me expand my public-speaking comfort zone
even further by inviting me to be a guest on his soon-to-be-released podcast.
I'm looking forward to seeing that come together.

I want to thank the Madison Ruby Conference for bringing great people together,
and for building a tremendous, fun, and unique conference. It doesn't hurt that
it's one of the few that's accessible to the upper Midwest.

Special thanks go to my family, for always being proud of me, even when I
didn't bring home a grandchild for Christmas the way my mom keeps asking me to
do.

Thanks to my friends for the support, the help, and the kicks in the pants that
I've needed. Thank you also to Zebb for inviting me to be a part of your
wedding in 2014.

One more thanks to Angela for being patient with me as we learn to be homeowners.

I'm sure that I've missed some important people in this list, and for that I
can only apologize for my neglect.
